---
title:
  Funding Open-Source Maintainers Using Ethical Advertising - With Eric Berry
slug: funding-open-source-maintainers-using-ethical-advertising-with-eric-berry
id: a7d3aafb-6be2-4edf-85e1-d6281ad63b57
description:
  'Eric Berry talks about CodeFund and what it does to help the open source
  community.'
season: 1
number: 7
keywords: null
metaImage: './eric-berry-card.png'
guestPhoto: './eric-berry.png'
---

import Transcript from 'components/podcast/transcript'
import Resources from 'components/podcast/resources'
import Guest from 'components/podcast/guest'
import ericPhoto from './eric-berry.png'

It's challenging to sustain open source projects, a lot of time and energy is
poured in without any compensation in return. Eric Berry created CodeFund to
give developers who are finding it difficult to justify putting their time into
open source projects a means to get compensated.

Open source today is not the same as it was five years ago. Ninety-six percent
of all web apps are using open source. The web relies on it. Sixty-five percent
of all projects have only one or two maintainers, and their work is providing
value to a lot of companies and people. Maintainers having the option to be
compensated benefits not only the maintainer but also everyone who relies on the
project.

Advertising is a scary word these days with big advertisers tracking people
across the web and gathering their data. CodeFund doesn't use third-party
trackers and doesn't collect data from the developer's audience. Advertising
doesn't have to be evil, it can serve a good purpose if it's used correctly.

---

<div style={{display: 'grid', gridGap: 10, gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(auto-fill, minmax(300px, 1fr))'}}>

<Resources>

- [CodeFund](https://codefund.io/)

</Resources>

<Guest name="Eric Berry" image={ericPhoto}>

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/coderberry?lang=en)
- [Github](https://github.com/coderberry)

</Guest>

</div>

---

## Transcript

<Transcript>

**Kent C Dodds:** Hey hey everyone, it is your friend Kent C Dodds. I am here
joined by my friend, Eric Berry, and we're going to be talking about funding
open source, among other things. I'm really excited. Eric and I have been
friends for a couple of years now. We meet at Costa Vida for lunch about once a
month or so and it's been great. Yeah, just love talking with Eric about the
things that he's working on in making open source sustainable. This enormous
problem that many people have worked on, and it's been a real challenge to to
find solutions, but I'm really intrigued by Eric's solution and some of the
things that he's done have just been phenomenal these last couple years. So I'm
excited to chat with Eric. So yeah, Eric, can you give us a little intro to
yourself? You can tell us, you know, who you are, what things you're interested
in, they can be software related or not, just to get to know you a little bit.

**Eric Berry:** Yeah, absolutely. First off, thanks for letting me come on.
It's, it's always a pleasure to see you once a month. It's definitely the
highlight of the month for me to get to hang out with you and kind of get some
wisdom from you and, you know, talk about all sorts of life stuff. A little bit
about myself. I am a software developer. I've been programming for about 20
years. I'm an old guy. I've got gray. So yeah, I'm learning that the older I
get, the hair just kinda gravitates downward. Not Fun. Yeah. So yeah. My
favorite programming language is Ruby on Rails. I've been doing that for almost
10 years now, I think right around 10 years. And you know, I'm just passionate
about programming. I'm passionate about programmers. I have a family, I've got
three beautiful kids and a wife, and I live in Utah. And so yeah, life is pretty
good over at the Berry house.

**Kent C Dodds:** That's good. Cool. So Eric, it was ... was it two years ago
that we met? Something like that. I feel like it was just yesterday, but time
flies when you're having fun. It was a while ago, but you sent me an email a
while ago about this thing called Code Sponsor and I think that I said something
like, "I don't know, I'm not really into that." But then Tanner Linsley, Linsley
I think-

**Eric Berry:** Tanner Linsley, yes.

**Kent C Dodds:** Yeah. I think he connected us again and said, "Hey, let's do
lunch," and we did, and we hit it off great. The rest is history there.

**Eric Berry:** What really happened is that I knew ... So Tanner told me that
you're the person to say get in contact with, because you would validate the
idea or you would negate the idea. So this is way back in, I think, August of of
2017 and you are making a trip somewhere. So you were in your car, and you
announced to everybody that you're just going to have an open discussion and
anybody can ask ... You were going to have an AMA in the car. And so I thought,
"Okay, this is perfect." I'm going to get his attention where he cannot leave.
So that's what we did.

**Kent C Dodds:** That's right, yeah.

**Eric Berry:** Then I called you up and we were talking and that really was the
biggest kick starter to not only our friendship but Code Sponsor in general. I
mean, you were involved from the ground floor. So yeah, that was pretty
exciting.

**Kent C Dodds:** Yeah, that was a lot of fun. I am actually maybe going to be
making another trip like that later this year when I bring that same car back
from St. Louis, back to Utah. So for those who never heard about this, a couple
of years ... Well, back August of 2017, my brother was moving out to St/ Louis.
He had a couple of cars and family that he needed to take over, so I drove his
car for him. And you know, I was in the car by myself, so I did a conference
call. Anybody could call and we'd just talk to keep me awake. And yeah, that I
might be doing that to bring his car back now that he's moving back to Utah. He
finished up with school. But yeah, so I do remember that. That was great. So
Code Sponsor kind of went through some experiences and had a brand name change
to CodeFund. Why don't we get a high level overview of what this idea of
sponsored open source projects, how that really works in the CodeFund world and
what is the reason that we would even want to have that? You can just go on and
give us all of your thoughts about sustaining open source from this perspective.

**Eric Berry:** Okay. All right. So I think to start off, I got to say, back in
August the whole idea ... I worked for a company at the time. I was a
programmer. Every single day I used open source software. I'm always on GitHub.
It was the place where everybody, in my view, everybody kind of goes to. There
was recently the sustain report that came out in 2017, talked about all of the
issues around open source sustainability and how funding is a core part of that.
Well, I thought to myself, "Why don't we have advertising involved?" And the
reason I thought of advertising, one, I've worked for advertising companies in
the past, and I understand advertisers are very interested in one thing, getting
a return on that ad spend. So as long as they could see a positive return on the
ad spend, their budget will expand as much as it needs to be. So at the time, in
my view, most everybody who was trying to get funding for open source was doing
it through either buttons that say "please pay me" or trying to raise funds on
Open Collective. But all in all, it required the developer to who they were as a
developer. For some of them, at that time, to really get substantial funding on
a recurring level, they'd have to basically campaign for it. So I thought that
was ridiculous when there's money already there on the table. So what I did was
I thought, "Okay, well let's do this. Let's create a simple platform that allows
developers to tap in, connect their GitHub account, and then place a single line
of code in their readme, and then a dynamic sponsorship would be displayed. Any
time a developer clicks on that sponsorship, the project would get money." And
that ran for a good five months before GitHub shut it down.

**Kent C Dodds:** Yeah. And as a user it was awesome, because before, any
efforts that I made to make money on my open source was actually time taken away
from the time I could be dedicating to open source. And so there was a conflict
there where I want to make this open source stuff sustainable, but I only have
so much time to work on open source, and if I take all of that time working on
sustaining myself in open source and I don't have time to work on it, right? So
it's a catch 22 kind of situation. And so with Code Sponsor it was just so easy
to just, you know, stick that. You sign up, set that up, that was really quick
and easy thanks to you, and then we go to the readme, stick that one line of
code in there, and that dynamic sponsorship gets added in there and it just,
magic. Magic happened, and it was awesome. So yeah, that was a really good run
of five months there.

**Eric Berry:** Yeah. Well, we've continued on. In January, we actually
rebranded completely to CodeFund, so our website is codefund.io. We now focus
more on the documentation websites and websites for what we ... What we call it
is, we fund bloggers, builders and maintainers to open source. So we try and
help anybody who is providing value to the open source ecosystem and the
developer ecosystem with a way to continue doing what you're doing. There's no
reason that you should have to go out and find funding if it's there, readily
available through advertising. Now, advertising is such a scary word nowadays
and I've learned a lot now. As you know, I'm a developer. I'm not a marketer.
I'm not an advertiser. I don't have a formal education at all beyond high
school. So I approach things from very common sense points of view where I
think, "Well, it makes sense that we should show ads but not do any type of
tracking. We shouldn't abuse the audience of the developer." And so that's the
approach that I took. CodeFund, you know, for all time and to this day we still
don't do any tracking or allow any third party scripts. We don't collect any
data on people. The only thing that we look at is the IP address when a visitor
comes and then we know exactly what location they're in. However, beyond that,
we don't collect anything. So even if we were to get hacked, there's nothing to
collect. And that's what we're seeing nowadays so often, is that companies like
Facebook and Google, there's so many scandals around advertising, which is
really making digital advertising look terrible. The reason is, is because
they're abusing the data that they have. Well, it's impossible to abuse data
that you don't have. That's why we do what we do, and we're open source as well.
So our goal is to get money into the pockets of developers and designers,
maintainers, bloggers, and builders, without them having to sacrifice the trust
that they've worked so hard to build with their audience. I compare us to
another ad company, Carbon Ads. We're the non tracking version of Carbon Ads, if
anybody listening knows Carbon Ads.

**Kent C Dodds:** Yeah, yeah, absolutely. That element of the advertising
platform that CodeFund is by itself is the number one draw for me, because I'm
sure many of the people listening have ad blockers because they don't like to be
tracked. That makes a lot of sense to me. I'm one of those people, I have ad
blockers, because I don't like to be tracked around the Internet. I don't want
to have, you know, these companies know more than I explicitly ask them to know
or want them to know. On the other hand also, or in the same frame of mind, I
also don't want their scripts to slow down my browser and eat up my resources
and whatever either. So it just makes a lot of sense to me. But if you're not
doing that, and all it is is a simple asset that loads on the page and it's just
displayed and I can click on it if it's interesting, I just ignore it. If it's
not, then ... and that's our entire engagement, then I'm more than happy to. The
fact that you're so targeted toward open source and developers makes it so that
often the advertisements are very relevant to me, which is good for both me and
the advertisers, I imagine. So I just think that that's a wonderful thing. It
also speaks to the mission of CodeFund to be, you know, we're really just about
making open source sustainable. What place does tracking users have in that
mission? It has no place in that mission. And so [crosstalk 00:11:52] the fact
that you aren't doing that just kind of holds up even further the idea that no,
we're really just interested in making open source sustainable. So what success
have you had in the last few years as you've been working on this? Can you tell
us a little bit about the, you know, the challenges and the successes of
CodeFund as a sustainable option for open source developers?

**Eric Berry:** Yeah, absolutely. We've had a lot of challenges and growth. You
know, coming from a non advertising or marketing background, we're having to
learn a lot of lessons that I think other people probably learned long ago. But
it's a good thing, you know, it allows us to really approach things from a point
of view of, "Does it make sense for me? Does this concept follow our ethical
standards that we have written in stone, and if it does, let's think about it."
It also makes choices often easy because you pre decide on who you are as a
company and who you are as a person, and that decision will inform some things
that might be questionable for some people. We can look at it and immediately
say, "No, that's not us." If you don't like it, go to the other guys. You might
make it a tiny bit more money with somebody else, but you know, you're making
money off of your users and all that. So it's just a different way that we
approach things.

**Kent C Dodds:** Actually, I love that, Eric. I think that's really applicable
to life in general. When you intentionally decide what kind of person you're
going to be, what kind of company you're going to be, it makes many questions
answered on delivery. Right? As soon as you hear the question, you know what the
answer is going to be because you've already decided what kind of person you are
or what kind of company, what your values are. They become more than just the
words that you write down, because that's what companies do, but it becomes ...
Or what, you know ... Actually, that's not what people do, but maybe we should.
But it becomes an integral part of yourself. I just think that's an awesome
thing. A really great takeaway for people listening is, maybe it's a good idea
once in a while to be intentional about the type of person you want to be, and
consider those things, so that when you're in the heat of the moment, when
opportunities arise and somebody says, "Hey, I want you to come help me do this
thing." You know, if it doesn't match your priorities as a person. And it
doesn't have to be like that thing is an ethically immoral thing to do, it just
could be out of line with your goals as a developer. The things that you want to
learn to do, the direction you want to take your career, whatever. So being
intentional about that, I think, is a really great idea, and I'm glad that
that's worked out for you so far.

**Eric Berry:** It has. In fact, that's kind of been our guiding post. It's a
hard sell, to be honest. It's somewhat hard to sell to advertisers. Advertisers
are used to being given all the data. They're used to be able to say, "I only
want to target people who have visited these websites in the past month, and
who's, you know, who has black hair and is a male." You know, these crazy points
that they can get to. You ask yourself, "Why do you need this?" So for us, the
biggest part for them is that they can't do any remarketing. And for listeners
who don't know what that is, it's basically when an ad haunts you or website
haunts as you go around the Internet. So let's say you go to a certain website
and look at something, and then you start browsing around, and all of a sudden
you see ads for that website for the next week. That's called remarketing.

**Kent C Dodds:** Super annoying.

**Eric Berry:** Super, super annoying-

**Kent C Dodds:** And creepy.

**Eric Berry:** Yes. And so we don't allow any third party scripting or third
party tracking because of that. Our advertisers, it's been a hard pill to
swallow for them, but I mean, the ones that have stuck with us are truly
understanding of the developer community and truly understanding that we as
developers don't want to be tracked, and to be honest, there's no reason to. For
example, let's say somebody visits your website, one of your JavaScript
websites. You know for a fact that they're probably a JavaScript developer,
they're probably a React developer and for your audience or probably anywhere
... Well, I guess you would have all ranges, but still. As an advertiser, if I
knew that my product is geared towards JavaScript developers, why would I need
to have any additional information beyond that? So that's what we tell our
advertisers and we say, "This is what we charge, this is what we share with our
developers, our publisher network, and take it or leave it." And that's worked
really well for us. This month, we're on target to bring in probably about
$15,000 and we're sending out well over I think $11,000, we're sending all over
the world to developers.

**Kent C Dodds:** No, that's remarkable. That's so awesome. The bulk of the
money that comes in goes to the developer's pockets, which I think is great.

**Eric Berry:** Yeah. We, we, we pay the developers on a gross margin, not a net
margin, meaning we pay them immediately with the actual money that comes in and
we don't take out our expenses before we do that split. We typically pay out
anywhere between 60 to 70% of the money to, to the developers.

**Kent C Dodds:** And that really motivates you to figure out how to keep your
costs down because you only get the money after the [crosstalk 00:17:56] happen.
Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. Or after the ... Yeah. Well, cool. So what
about for software developers who are working on open source? I know lots of
them kind of feel like maybe they don't don't deserve to be be funded or they
feel like funding open source changes the game a little bit. You know, some
people have kind of embraced this idea and and gone full time with it and stuff.
You've got Vue.js and Babel with Henry. Some people have just kind of embraced
this, but for lots of people, they feel like once you put money into open
source, it totally changes how open source works. They're worried it's going to
change who they are as a developer or change the project. And I'm sure that
you've had these questions before. So what do you say to people with those kinds
of questions?

**Eric Berry:** First off, I think that open source today is not the same as
open source 10 years ago or even five years ago. Not too long ago, there was a
study done. I have leaks to all of these, but they found that 96% of all
applications, all web applications are using open source. And of those of those
projects, on average 50% of the total code base was open source. So if you think
about that, 57% of almost every company out there, their code is open source.
It's crazy to think about. And when you also think about how many developers are
actually maintainers of projects ... We talk a lot about a bus factor. There was
a truck factor study done a while ago and that truck factor basically determined
that 65% of all open source projects are being maintained by one or two people.
Now when I say maintainer, the maintainer is the person who actually is the
person who makes the decisions, who's really in charge of doing the dirty work,
the cleanup work. There's going to be a bunch of contributors on most open
source projects. But as far as maintainers go ... I mean, you look at even your
stuff-

**Kent C Dodds:** Yeah, most of my stuff, I'm the sole maintainer.

**Eric Berry:** You're the sole maintainer, right. What happens, you know, God
forbid, if you get hit by a truck?

**Kent C Dodds:** It would be sad.

**Eric Berry:** It would be very sad. I would have a hard time, yes. So
developers, I think, tend to devalue who they are and their role even as a
passive maintainer on projects, because one, I don't think they understand how
much their code is being used, but two, I think that we have a mindset of
saying, if we're not actively working on something, we shouldn't be paid. Or if
we are actively working on something we shouldn't be paid. So that's one of the
issues that I deal with often with people. The other issue is that sometimes
they think that getting paid for open source actually devalues working on open
source. Like it's more of a thing that people ... The purity of open source goes
away if there's money involved. For those people, I say, "I understand, that's
okay, don't get paid for it. Just keep doing what you're doing if you can." If
you get to a point where you can't do it and you actually have to decide whether
the project dies or not because you can't afford to do it, then the viewpoint
might change a little bit. But on the question of, does money change open
source? I would say yeah, it probably does a little bit, but I think that that's
an inevitability. Open source now is being used so heavily in so much that
people are working nights and weekends and their own free time, not getting
paid, to do something that, in all reality, that was not their intention when
they started. So why is that okay?

**Kent C Dodds:** It's interesting, because they're doing this to make other
companies money., right? So the thing is that it took you maybe two hours to
work on that bug fix for your library or whatever, and it was not a huge deal to
you,. You know, that was two hours that you didn't spend with your family ,or
you know, going skiing, or whatever it is that you do for enjoyment. Maybe it
was an enjoyable experience for you. But then those two hours you spent on
there, you multiply that across the number of companies that benefit from those
lines of code that you wrote, and the value that you're providing. It becomes,
it can be a ton of money. I feel like, you know, we can talk about the merits
and the demerits of the capitalist society that we live in, but the fact is that
we do live in a capitalist society and you should be compensated for the value
you create in the world and in that kind of society anyway. And so, yeah, if you
create some value that's worth hundreds of thousands of dollars for companies, I
don't think that there's anything to sneeze at to get some compensation for some
of that.

**Eric Berry:** Yeah, I agree. I might make one slight change in that that they
shouldn't necessarily be given the money, but they should be given the
opportunity to make money off of their work. But if your intention for working
on opensource is to get rich or is to make money, then you probably shouldn't be
building open source

**Kent C Dodds:** You'll probably fail as well.

**Eric Berry:** Yeah, I mean, open source is something that we do for ourselves
first, I believe, for the companies that we work for but also we give back to
the common good. Your career, my career, all of my peers' careers are all built
on open source. I don't think I could build anything close to what I'm building
today if it wasn't for open source.

**Kent C Dodds:** Absolutely.

**Eric Berry:** I'm trying to give back in my way, but I don't think that any of
those people who built those libraries that I use did it with the intention of
getting money for it. But I think that they should be given the opportunity and
the array of choices to make money so that those projects can continue to
thrive, be maintained, be relevant to our community.

**Kent C Dodds:** Absolutely. And you know, another thing that I think some
people might be thinking is, "Well, you know what, my job pays me really well
for my work and I do open source for fun. If I got the money, that's great. I
can buy an extra sandwich at lunch or whatever, or potentially that ..." You can
tell us the numbers, but CodeFund can actually finance more than a lunch. But
for lots of people, they're like, "Well, I don't need that money. I'm doing
fine." So why don't you tell us about some of the other things that we can do
with this money, and somewhat broaden our vision of what is possible when we
start making money from that open source work.

**Eric Berry:** Sure. So there are a bunch of options that people have when they
make money. So to answer your question about how much can people make, my
payments that I make are typically anywhere between \$20 a month to a 2500 a
month, maybe? And it's going up, I mean ,we have some large properties, but we
just signed on a new one that you know, has a potential of making actually
100,000 a month. So wwe'll see. That's a big order to fill.

**Kent C Dodds:** [inaudible 00:26:01] The whole CodeFund ecosystem-

**Eric Berry:** That's literally for one publisher.

**Kent C Dodds:** For one publisher, holy-

**Eric Berry:** For one publisher, yeah. So again, the amount of money that you
can make varies based on where your audience is, what's the context of your
content, and how many, how much demand is there for that with our advertisers.
But at the end of the day, we want to be able to reward those people who are
providing value to the developer community by creating passive, recurring,
consistent revenue month over month that they can just count on. To answer your
other question, what to do with that money. A lot of us are privileged. I
consider myself privileged. I'm a white male living in America and right out of
the gate, there's a lot of privilege that comes with that and I acknowledge
that. A lot of my peers are not as privileged, where they might, you know, money
might not be as easily accessed. So depending on your situation, a lot of
people, what they do is they take the money that they generate and they put it
right into their Open Collective. We have a strong relationship with Open
Collective, which is a way for companies and ... or, not companies, but projects
to be able to collect money on a donation basis that's tax free. Oftentimes
,people put money into that open collective, and then that money's used for
traveling to meetups, or sponsoring education, or paying for tee shirts and
stickers and stuff like that, to help build the brand of the library or what
they're working on. So, you know, that money can be donated. The money can be
used for car payments. My idea behind CodeFund, Code Sponsor originally is, I
want to be making tens of thousands of car payments every month for people.

**Kent C Dodds:** That's great.

**Eric Berry:** No, I don't know what kind of car we're talking about but still.

**Kent C Dodds:** Can you pay off my Tesla for me?

**Eric Berry:** Right. [inaudible 00:28:18] But still, I think that, yeah. I
hope I answered the question-

**Kent C Dodds:** No, that's perfect. I think the real thing that I wanted to
make sure we take away here is that if you, as you know, dear listener, if you
have an open source project and you're struggling to justify your time working
on it, consider using something like CodeFund to to give that justification. You
do deserve it, and it is like something that, there are platforms like CodeFund
that enable that for you. If you are one of these people who are in a privileged
position, you have a really nice paying job and whatever and money's not hard to
come by, consider the fact that your open source work could benefit not only the
people who are using the project, but also whatever organization you choose to
donate your funds to. Your time spent in open source can be even more altruistic
than it is already, which I think is a wonderful thing and is really encouraging
that it can provide that. You raise this money in a way that benefits. There's
all upside and no downside, right? Maybe people don't want to have their pixels
on their screen dedicated to an ad, but that's the worst case scenario. That's
as bad as it gets. There's no tracking of users, and the only real, the real
thing that happens is you're connecting developers with real services that have
been vetted and are actually interesting and probably useful to most of the
people who are going to be looking at it anyway. You're not going to be seeing
weird advertisements for, I don't even want to say some of those things on this
podcast. You're not going to see stuff like that. These are gonna be useful and
interesting things for the audience that's going to be consuming them. And so
all upside, no downside to using something like code fund.

**Eric Berry:** So the way I view it is that companies that ... For example, if
you've ever used Heroku, they have a Heroku add ons list with probably 150, 200
companies. Now, these companies all provide high value to developers on their
system, but also most of them are providing high value to developers outside of
Heroku. So each one of these companies could be spending tens of thousands of
dollars a month on Google and Facebook and Twitter ads. What I want to do is get
that money out of Google's hands, out of Facebook hands, out of Twitter's hands,
and put it into the developer's hands. That's our goal. We think that we have a
product that is good enough to compete with those guys and we believe that the
money is better served by giving it back to the community.

**Kent C Dodds:** I love that Eric. It's been a pleasure to chat with you today.
We got to wrap things up. Before we do, do you have any last words for our
community?

**Eric Berry:** I got to say, I'm a huge Kent C Dodds fan. I love him. I think
you're a great guy. Your family's incredible. I'm just very excited to be here.
I suppose my last thing would be ... When you think of advertising, try and
approach it from a new perspective, whereas maybe advertising isn't the evil
part. Maybe it's the misuse and collection of private data that is the evil
part, and maybe advertising can serve a good purpose if it's used correctly.

**Kent C Dodds:** That's great final words. I almost hate to ask you this next
question, because it'd be great to end on that, but my last question is just
pretty general. If people want to connect with you and connect with CodeFund and
get started with CodeFund or whatever. Yeah, let's start with that. So can you
tell us, how do people get started with CodeFund, and then how do people connect
with you if they have questions?

**Eric Berry:** Sure. To get started with code, just go to codefund.app and just
fill out the form under the publisher tab. I will be there to be able to check
out the website. We do have a certain criteria that we follow. Basically we
require that a publisher's website, a publisher meaning whoever, like a
developer, their website needs to generate right around 5,000 impressions per
month and it has to be relevant to the ... it has to be something that
contributes back to the developer community. We get a lot of requests that are
very unrelated to the developer community. We get some requests to meet
publishers, but they're actually a paid app. We won't do that. We only provide
funding for projects that are serving the community. To contact me, you can
reach me on Twitter anytime. I'm Coder Berry, C, O, D, E, R, B, E, R, R, Y. or
you can connect with me on the chat on our website. So again, codefund.app.

**Kent C Dodds:** Very good. All right. Hey, thanks so much, Eric. It was always
a pleasure to chat with you. I'm excited to get this audio into the ears of
listeners soon and yeah, we'll see everyone next time. Actually we won't see
everyone next time, but you'll hear us next time. Goodbye.

**Eric Berry:** Take care.

</Transcript>
